Added Private Key Usage Instructions (#5)
aave/arc-timelock: README.md

- Create an environment file named `.env` and fill out the environment variables per `example.env`
- Make sure the information included in the environment file `.config.env` is correct.

#### Note:

> If using private key instead of mnemonic, please use the full 64 character hex string, without the "0x" prefix in the `.env` file. Additionally, please update the `accounts` variable on line 52 of `hardhat.config.ts` to be `accounts: [process.env.PRIVATE_KEY],`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using private key instead of mnemonic, please use the full 64 character hex string, without the "0x" prefix in the `.env` file. Additionally, please leave the mnemonic key blank.
```
